Create readme template (#55)
Esri/arcgis-maps-sdk-unity-samples: templates/readme.md

# <!-- Title of the sample. Start with a verb. It doesn't need to match exactly with the sample project file. -->

<!-- Short description of what the sample demonstrates. -->

<!-- ![Image title](image_file_name.jpg). -->

## How to use the sample

<!-- This is the section where users can find information about how to see what the sample demonstrates. -->

> <!-- Explain what the sample demonstrates more than the short description above at the beginning of this section. Include what steps users need to take in order to see the function from what sample scene users should open. If there are any specific steps that are required after clicking play such as pressing a button/clicking in the viewport/any other specific controls should be here. Also, if there are any deployment steps required such as a VR sample, that instruction should be here. -->

Author: ```suggestion
<!-- Explain what the sample demonstrates more than the short description above at the beginning of this section. Include what steps users need to follow in order to see the function from what sample level users should open. If there are any specific steps that are required after clicking play such as pressing a button/clicking in the viewport/any other specific controls, they should be here, too. Also, if there are any deployment steps required such as in a VR sample, that instruction should be here. -->
```

## How it works

> <!-- This is the section where users can find information about how it's done to demonstrate the function. -->

Author: ```suggestion
<!-- This is the section where users can find information about how the sample is done to demonstrate the function. -->
```
